Added rule for xml requests in app-system (#1192)
shopware/docs: resources/guidelines/testing/store/quality-guidelines-apps/index.md

* We check the complete functionality of the app (including the uninstallation and reinstallation procedure).

> * New XML requests in the storefront must be accompanied by an X-Robots-Tag in the header request with the directive "noindex, nofollow." For further details, please refer to the following resource: [https://developers.google.com/search/docs/crawling-indexing/robots-meta-tag?hl=de#xrobotstag](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/crawling-indexing/robots-meta-tag?hl=de#xrobotstag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New XML requests in the storefront must be accompanied by an `X-Robots-Tag` in the header request with the directive "noindex, nofollow." For further details, please refer to the [robots meta tag](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/crawling-indexing/robots-meta-tag?hl=de#xrobotstag) article.
```
